update chat2query api, add doc for data_summary_id (#18570)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/use-chat2query-api.md

}'
```

The request body is a JSON object with the following properties:

- `cluster_id`: _string_. A unique identifier of the TiDB cluster.
- `database`: _string_. The name of the database.

> - `data_summary_id`: _integer_. The ID of the data summary used to generate SQL. This property only takes effect if `cluster_id` and `database` are not provided. If you do not specify `cluster_id`, `database`, and this property, the API uses the default data summary.

Reviewer: What's the default data summary? Is it generated by Data Service for all databases automatically?

> - `data_summary_id`: _integer_. The ID of the data summary used to generate SQL. This property only takes effect if `cluster_id` and `database` are not provided. If you do not specify `cluster_id`, `database`, and this property, the API uses the default data summary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `data_summary_id`: _integer_. The ID of the data summary used to generate SQL. This property only takes effect if `cluster_id` and `database` are not provided. If you specify both `cluster_id` and `database`, the API uses the default data summary of the database.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Please update line 254 to:

```
The request body is a JSON object with the following properties:
```

- `cluster_id`: _string_. A unique identifier of the TiDB cluster.
- `database`: _string_. The name of the database.

> - `data_summary_id`: _integer_. The ID of the data summary you want to use for generate SQL. If you do not provide this parameter, the API will use the default data summary. Only works if `cluster_id` and `database` not provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `data_summary_id`: _integer_. The ID of the data summary used to generate SQL. This property only takes effect if `cluster_id` and `database` are not provided. If you do not specify `cluster_id`, `database`, and this property, the API uses the default data summary.
```
Are there any existing documents describing the default data summary?
